## Belly work oct 3 2022

### Aim: bring more skilled workforce to daily base tasks
- To provide work to every person who are willing to do
- Currently there is a huge need for employees. Its not because of the skilled people. Its because of they cannot find.
- People often have some leisure time they want to do some work for extra money but they didnt know where to work- [huge gap between work force search market and the work force market.]
- focus mainly on 
	- -->daily work force
	- -->[unorganized sector] like super markets, ware houses, factories and many more.
- Many times we need a employee just to replace the regular work
- Small firms cannot afford to hire a Hr, even though they hire a hr they cannot spend more money on replacing employees/ advertising to publish their employments
### Pros:
- employer will get skilled labor at market cost/ they benefit a lot for the same pay.
- No contract. No benefits. Pay per work. 
- Skilled personnel will get more opportunities to explore and server better.
### cons:
- app/ website to help unorganized workers to get jobs on daily basis
- They can apply for a job and manager/ hr will directly see the application
- Employer app- they can post jobs \
- Employee/ general app-to find the positions available and apply 
- Need to verify thier identity with proof and 

  Our objective is to develop a mobile app, namely RADAR, that aims to help people discover cities and easily find places to suit their immediate restaurants and bars desires. The users will indicate their criteria (cost, location, types of food, atmosphere, etc.) in an interactive way, using the swipe right/left functionality.

This app will be delivered to students, first in Montréal, and with only one category (restaurants & bars), to start with a narrow market. The market size will increase with the addition of new cities and categories. The recommendations will become more tailored as the user base will increase, through algorithm-based data analysis. Addition of new features, such as the possibility to create groups based on similar interests, will contribute to building a larger user-base.