## Bird's oct 3 2022

### Aim: 

- Our objective is to develop a mobile and desktop application, namely Birds[flew to work like a bird], that aims to help people discover jobs  and easily find works near by to suit their immediate economical needs. The users will indicate their skills ( education, work experience, languages known and skills, etc.) in an interactive way, using the swipe right/left functionality.

- This app will be delivered to students, first in Montréal, to start with a narrow market. The market size will increase with the addition of new cities and categories. The recommendations will become more tailored as the user base will increase, through algorithm-based data analysis. 

- Addition of new features, such as the possibility to create groups based on similar skills, will contribute to building a larger user-base.
## Bird's Focus
- Helps in bridginging work force gap in organizations
	- there are times where employee needs to have some time for their personal and family needs but at the same time organization needs them the most
	- our idea is one stop solution for that
	- 
- bring more skilled workforce to daily base tasks
- Currently there is a huge need for employees. Its not because of the skilled people. Its because of they cannot find.

- initially focus mainly on 
	- -->daily work force
	- -->[unorganized sector] like super markets, ware houses, factories and many more.
- Many times we need a employee just to replace the regular work
- Small firms cannot afford to hire a Hr, even though they hire a hr they cannot spend more money on replacing employees/ advertising to publish their employments
### Pros:
- inclusion of skilled labor at a better market cost.
- we can hire a specific number of days
- for employees
	- explore different work cultures[make connections]
- for employers
	- get new vibe and get feedback to improvise the workculture.
- 
## Bird's Challange
- app/ website to help unorganized workers to get jobs on daily basis
- They can apply for a job and manager/ hr will directly see the application
- Employer app- they can post jobs \
- Employee/ general app-to find the positions available and apply 
- Need to verify thier identity with proof and 

  