- For resume preperations
	- 1. novo resume
	- 2. resume cart
	- 3. europass-for onsite job oppurtunities
- canva - [best]
- template.net
- cool free cv
- freesumes
- resumeet

### 1. Round-HR

### 2. Round-Technical Round
- Tell me about yourself: 
	- [just say name , place and working company]
		- i am venkatesh currently working in esika infotech a startup based in india in the role of the cloud engineer. in 2020 i decided to move to canada for my higher education and better job oppurtunities.  i have been working remotely since then.
	- [then explain your work experience which you showed on resume]
- then ask questions about the procedures and all
- learn some thing about all the things which you dont know and tell them u have limited knowledge in that
- [I am glad you brought this up. I have been preparing for certification in that and soon I  am going to finish it. i am a fast learner and if i get the opportunity to work on this tools i will quickly adopt to it and finish the job]
- Be with positive attitude

### 3. Third Round-senior round techno management round
- ask for the bonding between employee
- how developers wish you and how you respond to them for job purpose- how they give the code to you
- how deployment process is done in your organization
- dev code put in git hub and from there we run  pipe line.then code comes to code deploy and from there to auto scaling group it has machine and here deploy the code.
- and from ALB code got live 
### 4.  teams round
- team members ask some basic questions
- always sit straight and tell any thing in confident because other people also dont know all the things. so be confident

  ## daily base tasks
  - we work on infra building some time
  - once we setup the security hub console we involve in finding and resolving issues
  - we also worked on s3 buckets to upload data. during regular weekly clients meetings. generally cleints will give discuss their requirements like for example one time our client had big amount of data that he wanted to to store/upload  in s3 due to data lapse issues[difficult to manage them or fire accident threat on premisis]. so me along with my TL figured a cost effective way to upload those big amounts of data in to s3 buckets . we use  disk mounting technique using rclone[third party sofware]. and its more economical and effective.
  - some times i worked on creating diagram of whole architecture diagrams using draw.io
  - vpn set up work and creating and granting access to developers, testers and many more
  - daily base monitoring work to resolve issues.
  - some times there are some tasks in other accounts that needs to be done prioritly. so i switch accounts and finfish the tasks.


## resume
- worked on infrastructure setup for –multiple clients[say worked on govt websites and cannot disclose name]
- worked on security management on security hub [ finding errors and resolve them to make infra 100% secure]- prepare a couple of scenarios
- upload clients data on S3 using CLI and GUI console.
- design architecture diagram  [ go to draw.io]
- vpn server set up for securing my web server access
- build an password protected website using aws s3 cloud front and lambda
- mounting buckets on local
- switch role concept
- worked in system manager[ when we dont have access to server but we want to install some s/w or patch update or docker package installation or apache insta;;ation to server so install ssm agent on server by server admin and can do anywork from ssm]
- cloud watch dashboard set up for monitoring [ single dashboard with multiple alarms fro monitoring like cpu maximization, disk maximizations optimization of cloud or memory. monitor the traffic to ALB, monitor requests in and out, ]
- worked on bitbucket for creation of pipeline and deployment 
- [if u dont want to host site on ec2 then we use docker because low cost and low size  or maintenance we may have use opendisk or for monitoring if we dont use cloudwatch we use griffana etc third party tools, for automation ansible and terra form9infra creation automation tool]

## Projects
- 1.  dominos- aws admin
	- worked on ifra setup
	- worked on monitoring
- 2. add one or two projects


Key Achievements

-   Designed and deployed a TO-DO list app in serverless architecture by exposing it as REST API with HTTPS.
    
## helpful resources
- Tiny Technical Resources - youtube channel
- AWS official you tube channel- very helpful
